---
layout: post
title: February Discovery Research
type: other
phase: discovery
initials: mk
display_date: February 2018
return_url: "https://scotentsd.github.io/export/timeline/"
---


**Phase: Discovery**

**Audience**
- Funding Project Team, Stakeholders, Product Owner & Customers

**What we discovered**

Learning | Area
--- | ---
💡  **Claims & Permissions wireframes** |  	
•	We Learnt: small companies have staff that cover many roles	 | General
•	We Learnt: Companies thought the roles and permissions model made sense. The language might need to be altered. 	 | Language
•	We Learnt: Companies often have their entire financial information in a package such as SAGE Accounts. They will dump it down to a spreadsheet when necessary. 	 | General
💡  **My Account & Claims wireframes ** |  	 	
•	We Learnt: Make CALL TO ACTION more obvious. 	 | Layout/ Design
•	We Learnt: One main call to action is all that is needed	 | Layout/ Design
•	We Learnt: Confirmation dialogues need to be way more obvious	 | Notifications/ Alerts
•	We Learnt: Users do not like negative language such as ‘REJECT’. It is a bit scary clicking a button with that on it.	 | Language
💡  **Multi User journey wireframes  ** |  		
•	We Learnt: users thought our process made sense	 | Sentiment
💡  **My Action Plan wireframes  	** |  	
•	We Learnt: It is still too much about SE and not enough about me	 | Sentiment
•	We Learnt: users were confused about this being for a single project action plan or for their entire business. 	 | Sentiment/ Complexity
•	We Learnt: Users did not welcome anything that did not add value or save them time	 | Sentiment
•	We Learnt: users were unsure what the plan would do for them	 | Sentiment
💡  **Claims sketched wireframes  ** |  		
•	We Learnt: the whole process is back to front	 | Layout/ Design
•	We Learnt: RECONCILIATION is something that we need. Users want to claim against an expense and then PROVE it if needed. 	 | General



<!--more-->
